Update documentation around fullscreen usage of `jupyterlite-sphinx` apps (#253)
jupyterlite/jupyterlite-sphinx: docs/full.md

# Fullscreen access

Once a JupyterLite example gets activated by a user, an "Open in Tab" button becomes available, which will open the same
JupyterLite instance in a separate tab.

## Custom links to JupyterLite apps

> You can access the JupyterLite app that `jupyterlite-sphinx` made for you, in fullscreen, using the following links:

Reviewer: This question is coming from a place of ignorance, but what is the significance of using  "app" vs "deployment" here? I think of app as meaning software application, in which case

"the JupyterLite app that `jupyterlite-sphinx` made for you"

gives me the impression that `jupyterlite-sphinx` is doing some kind of code-generation to create an app. Deployment seems more accurate to me, my understanding is that `jupyterlite-sphinx` is deploying a Jupyterlite app for us.

Was the intent to make it clear that there are several types of Jupyterlite apps that can be deployed by Jupyterlite sphinx? Perhaps

"You can access the Jupyterlite app deployment that `jupyterlite-sphinx` made for you"

would work?

Author: > Was the intent to make it clear that there are several types of Jupyterlite apps that can be deployed by Jupyterlite sphinx?

> Deployment seems more accurate to me, my understanding is that jupyterlite-sphinx is deploying a Jupyterlite app for us.

Yes. I would like to communicate that a JupyterLite deployment created by `jupyterlite-sphinx`'s build command can include multiple apps.

Here, "JupyterLite app deployment" doesn't feel right to me either, as the deployment is of JupyterLite, and JupyterLite provides certain apps in said deployment.

How about either of these options?

A. "You can access a JupyterLite app from the JupyterLite deployment that `jupyterlite-sphinx` made for you"
B. "You can access the JupyterLite apps that `jupyterlite-sphinx` deployed for you" (app ➡️ apps, made ➡️ deployed)

Option A is wordy and more accurate, and option B is a slight rework.

Unless you have something better in mind?

Reviewer: I like B.

Author: Addressed in a3490b5d8930c83b85c4d30f1b37711955af668e

- [JupyterLab](lite/lab/index.html)
- [Notebook](lite/tree/index.html)
- [REPL](lite/repl/index.html)
- [Voici](lite/voici/index.html)

## Tips for handling URLs

If you want to open a specific notebook in fullscreen JupyterLab/Notebook/Voici, you can use the `path` URL parameter, e.g. 

- `./lite/lab/index.html?path=my_notebook.ipynb` for Lab
- `./lite/notebooks/index.html?path=my_notebook.ipynb` for Notebook
- `./lite/voici/render/my_notebook.html` for Voici

If you want to add code to the REPL for execution, you can use the `code` URL parameter, e.g. `./lite/repl/index.html?code=print("Hello, world!")`. You may also use `&execute=0` to prevent the code from being executed until you press Enter.

> More configuration options are available with the [REPL documentation](https://jupyterlite.readthedocs.io/en/stable/quickstart/embed-repl.html#configuration)

Author: ```suggestion
More configuration options are available with the [REPL documentation](https://jupyterlite.readthedocs.io/en/stable/quickstart/embed-repl.html#configuration).
```

> More configuration options are available with the [REPL documentation](https://jupyterlite.readthedocs.io/en/stable/quickstart/embed-repl.html#configuration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Info on more configuration options is available in the [REPL documentation](https://jupyterlite.readthedocs.io/en/stable/quickstart/embed-repl.html#configuration).
```

Sorry, very pedantic, but the REPL documentation contains information about the configuration options, not the configuration options themselves.

Author: Ah, right – thanks!

> Please see the documentation for individual options for each directive and [global configuration options](configuration.md)  for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
Please see the documentation for individual options for each directive and [global configuration options](configuration.md) for more information.
```
